ACTIVESTATE® COMMUNITY EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT

Version effective date: March 25, 2019

This license agreement (the “Agreement”) is made between you (either
an individual or a company or organization, not including its
affiliates or wholly owned subsidiaries) (“You”) and ActiveState
Software Inc. (“ActiveSstate”). This Agreement establishes the terms
under which ActiveState will license the Software (as defined below)
to You and establishes the terms under which You may use, copy,
modify, distribute, and/or Redistribute (as defined below) the
Software. This Agreement does not apply to Maintenance and Support,
anything Beyond Development Use, OEM Distribution (all such
capitalized terms as defined below) each of which requires a separate
agreement with ActiveState. For more information on these types of
agreements, please visit www.activestate.com. The intent of this
Agreement is to allow ActiveState to maintain control over the
development and distribution of the Software while allowing its use in
a variety of ways. If the terms and conditions of this Agreement do
not permit Your proposed use of the Software or if You require
clarification regarding the scope of Your intended use of the
Software, please contact sales@activestate.com.

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE
SOFTWARE. BY CLICKING ON “YES, ACCEPT” OR BY INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE,
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A PERSON, YOUR
ACCEPTANCE REPRESENTS THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH PERSON
TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE “YOU” OR
“YOUR” WILL REFER TO THE PERSON ON BEHALF OF WHICH YOU ACT (“YOUR
ENTITY”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR ENTITY, YOU
HAVE NO RIGHT TO INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE AND YOU SHOULD (A)
RETURN, DELETE, OR DISABLE THE SOFTWARE OR (B) IF YOU PURCHASED A
PRODUCT FROM ACTIVESTATE OR ITS RESELLER OR DISTRIBUTOR ON WHICH THE
SOFTWARE IS PRE-INSTALLED BY ACTIVESTATE, RETURN THE PURCHASED PRODUCT
TO ACTIVESTATE OR THE APPLICABLE RESELLER OR DISTRIBUTOR FROM WHOM YOU
OBTAINED THE PRODUCT.

1.  Definitions.

“Accessible Code” means source code contained within the Software that
is licensed under an open source license.

“Confidential Information” means all information designated in writing
as confidential by each party, or which under the circumstances of
disclosure reasonably ought to be considered as confidential. Without
limiting the foregoing, ActiveState Confidential Information includes
the Software, including all source and object code, and all associated
documentation, but not Accessible Code.

"Maintenance And Support" means maintenance and support for the
Software provided by ActiveState under separate terms.

"OEM Distribution" means any distribution to, and/or use of the
Software by, others outside Your organization and distribution and/or
use of the Software as either a bundled add-on to, or embedded
component of another application, with such application being made
available to its users as, but not limited to, an on-premises
application, a hosted application, a software-as-a-service offering or
a subscription service for which the distributor of the application
receives a license fee or any form of direct or indirect compensation
and whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

“Person” means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, firm,
entity, unincorporated association, unincorporated syndicate,
unincorporated organization, trust, body corporate or governmental or
regulatory authority, and where the context requires, any of the
foregoing when they are acting as trustee, executor, administrator or
other legal representative.

“Beyond Development Use” means any use of the Software licensed under
this Agreement beyond software development with the Software. For
greater clarity, any use of the Software licensed under this Agreement
beyond the purpose of developing, prototyping or demonstrating Your
application with the Software or by the Software are not permitted
under this license.

“Redistribute” means any distribution to, and/or use of the Software
by, others inside or outside Your organization and distribution and/or
use of the Software inside or outside Your organization.

“Software” means any of ActivePerl, ActivePython, ActiveTcl, ActiveGo,
ActiveRuby, ActiveNode, or ActiveLua software and the accompanying
materials including, but not limited to, source code, binary
executables, documentation, images and scripts, which are distributed
by ActiveState, and derivatives of that collection and/or those files.

“User Data” means all information and data collected by the Software
or otherwise transmitted by the Software to ActiveState, including any
data, metadata, metrics, statistics, or other information relating to
the performance, operations, resource, health, or other conditions of
the Software, any component thereof (including third party
components), and any related infrastructure, such as network host
names, IP addresses, interpreter used, and system architecture, which
includes filenames, full path, file size, and content hash.

“Wrapped Application” means a single-file executable in which all
binary components are encapsulated in a single binary without exposing
the base programming language as a scripting language within Your own
application program to end users.

2.  License Grant.

    (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
        ActiveState hereby grants to You a limited, worldwide,
        perpetual, paid up, free-of-charge, non-exclusive,
        non-transferable, non-assignable, and non-sublicensable 
        license to install and use the Software on any computing 
        device, in accordance with the limitations and restrictions 
        set forth in this Agreement, for research and development 
        purposes only. You may not use the Software Beyond Development 
        Use, except as provided in Section 2(b) below. You may not 
        use the Software for OEM Distribution. You may copy the Software
        for archival purposes or as necessary to use the Software as 
        authorized in this section. You also may modify the
        Accessible Code to develop bug fixes, customizations, or 
        additional features, for the sole purpose of using the Software 
        as authorized by this Agreement.

    (b) ActiveState may, in its sole discretion, grant You the right to
        use the Software Beyond Development Use and/or OEM Distribution
        for limited, small-scale, non-commercial and/or open source
        projects. To apply for this right, contact sales@activestate.com.
        Without the prior approval of ActiveState, you may not use the
        Software Beyond Development Use and/or for OEM Distribution.

3.  Restrictions.

    (a)  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, You may not:

        (i)   transfer, assign, sublicense, resell, or rent the
              Software;
        (ii)  modify or translate the Software to discover the source
              code in the Software or create a functional equivalent in
              the Software;
        (iii) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble (except as
              and only to the extent this restriction is prohibited by
              applicable law) the Software;
        (iv)  create derivative works based on the Software;
        (v)   merge the Software with another product;
        (vi)  copy the Software;
        (vii) remove or obscure any proprietary rights notices or
              labels on the Software;
        (viii) Redistribute, without entering into a separate agreement
               with ActiveState:
               I.  the Software as a whole, whether as a Wrapped
                   Application or on a standalone basis;
               II. parts of the Software to create a language
                   distribution; or
               III. the Software (other than the Accessible Code) with
                    Your Wrapped Application;
        (ix)   distribute the Software by OEM Distribution without
               entering into a separate OEM Distribution agreement with
               ActiveState;
        (x)    permit others to use the Software; or
        (xi)   use the Software:
               I.   Beyond Development Use on any computing device in
                    whatever form or manner, whether physical or 
                    virtual and external or internal-facing;
               II.  on any operating systems other than Windows, OSX, and
                    Linux;
               III. on computing devices used for file and/or application
                    serving;
               IV.  on any computing devices used for business continuity
                    and disaster recovery; or
               V.   to provide content or functionality through
                    external-facing servers or internal-facing
                    production servers.

4.  Confidentiality.

    (a) Except as reasonably required to exercise Your rights under
        this Agreement, You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying,
        use, distribution, installation or transfer of possession of
        Confidential Information received from ActiveState (the
        “ACTIVESTATE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION”). You do not acquire
        any interest in any ActiveState Confidential Information by
        reason of this Agreement. ActiveState Confidential Information
        does not include any information which (i) becomes part of the
        public domain through no act or omission on Your part; (ii) is
        lawfully acquired by You from a third party without any breach
        of confidentiality; (iii) is independently developed by You
        without reference to the ActiveState Confidential Information;
        or (iv) is disclosed in accordance with judicial or other
        governmental order or timely disclosure requirements imposed
        by law or stock exchange policies. Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, either party may disclose the terms and conditions
        of this Agreement in conjunction with legal proceedings.
        Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, You must
        take reasonable steps to prevent any personnel from removing
        any proprietary or other legend or restrictive notice
        contained or included in any material provided by ActiveState
        to You.

    (b) You acknowledge that any use or disclosure of the ActiveState
        Confidential Information in a manner inconsistent with the
        provisions of this Agreement may cause ActiveState irreparable
        damage for which remedies other than injunctive relief may be
        inadequate. You further agree that ActiveState will be
        entitled to attempt to receive from a court of competent
        jurisdiction injunctive or other equitable relief to restrain
        such use or disclosure in addition to other appropriate
        remedies.

5.  Open Source Acknowledgement. The Software is comprised of open
    source software, which is subject to the terms of the open source
    software license(s) accompanying or otherwise applicable to that
    open source software included in the Software (the “Open Source
    Components”). For reference, Tcl/Tk open source license terms can
    be found in Exhibit A attached to this Agreement or obtained from
    this link: https://www.tcl.tk/software/tcltk/license.html. You
    acknowledge that Your own distribution or deployment of instances
    containing or linking to the Software, including the Open Source
    Components, or any other open source software may trigger open
    source license requirements for which You are responsible. Nothing
    in this Agreement limits Your rights under or grants rights to You
    that supersede the terms of any applicable open source software
    license for the applicable Open Source Components.

6.  Intellectual Property Ownership. All right, title and interest in
    and to the Software and all intellectual property rights embodied
    therein, including copyrights, trade names, trademarks, service
    marks, product names, trade secrets embodied in the Software's
    design and coding methodology and other proprietary materials in
    the Software belong exclusively to ActiveState or its third party
    licensors. The Software is protected by Canada and United States
    copyright laws and international treaty provisions as implemented
    locally in different jurisdictions. Except as specifically
    provided under this Agreement, You acknowledge that no other
    right, title or interest in and to the Software or any parts
    thereof is granted to You. ActiveState grants You the limited
    right to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks or product
    names of ActiveState as required for reasonable and customary use
    in describing the origin of the Software. You may not use the
    trade names, trademarks, service marks or product names of
    ActiveState in any way that might state or imply that ActiveState
    endorses Your work, or might state or imply that You created the
    Software.

7.  User Data. You acknowledge, agree, and expressly consent to
    ActiveState’s collection of Your User Data through the Software.
    ActiveState does not claim ownership of any User Data. You hereby
    grant to ActiveState and its sublicensees a royalty-free,
    perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide non-exclusive
    right to reproduce, analyse, review, process, diagnose, or
    otherwise use the User Data (in whole or in part) for the purpose
    of supporting, maintaining, and providing the Software, the
    Maintenance and Support, if any, and any related services provided
    by ActiveState relating to the Software (the “User Data License”).
    ActiveState will not disclose the User Data to any third parties
    and will only use the User Data in accordance with the User Data
    License, except that ActiveState may provide Your User Data to
    third parties providing services relating to the Software to
    ActiveState (which will protect the User Data on terms and
    conditions that are commensurate in scope with this Agreement). In
    addition to the rights granted under the User Data License, You
    acknowledge and agree that ActiveState has the right to (i)
    publicly disclose, in any manner whatsoever, User Data that have
    been anonymized; and (ii) review or analyze the User Data and
    publicly disclose any results of such review or analysis,
    including in the form of reports, blog posts, newsletters,
    marketing materials, or otherwise, provided You will not be 
    identified in such publicly disclosed materials.

8.  Term. This Agreement will be effective upon Your agreement to be
    bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and will
    continue in effect unless otherwise terminated in accordance with
    the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

9.  Termination. If You breach any term or condition of this
    Agreement, ActiveState may immediately terminate this Agreement
    with respect to the Software that You have licensed under this
    Agreement by providing notice to You. ActiveState may also
    terminate this Agreement, without any liability to You, if any
    law, regulations, orders, or legal requirements prohibits
    ActiveState’s provision or licensing of the Software to You. Upon
    termination of this Agreement by ActiveState, You will immediately
    cease all use of the Software and return all copies of the
    Software that are under Your control to ActiveState or to delete
    all such copies.

10. Infringement Indemnification. You indemnify, hold harmless, and
    defend ActiveState, its licensors, and their respective employees,
    agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings,
    demands and costs resulting from or in any way connected with Your
    use of the Software and arising from Your breach of this
    Agreement; provided, however, that ActiveState will notify You in
    writing of any such claim. ActiveState will not enter into any
    settlement or compromise any such claim without Your prior written
    consent. You will have sole control of any such action and
    settlement negotiations; and ActiveState will provide You with
    commercially reasonable information and assistance, at Your
    request and expense, necessary to settle or defend such claim.

11. Disclaimer Of Warranty.

    (a) NEITHER ACTIVESTATE NOR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, OR
        RESELLERS MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
        UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER
        APPLICABLE LAW, ACTIVESTATE AND ITS SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, AND
        RESELLERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS
        WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
        STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OR
        CONDITION OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
        DURABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE, UPDATES, UPGRADES, SUPPLEMENTS, PRODUCTS, APPLIANCES,
        SYSTEM INTEGRATION, DATA ACCURACY AND ANY OTHER ITEMS PROVIDED
        HEREUNDER. ACTIVESTATE MAKES NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THE
        OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE,
        OR VIRUS-FREE, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR
        CRITERIA OF PERFORMANCE, QUALITY, ACCURACY, PURPOSE, OR NEED.
        YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK OF SELECTION, INSTALLATION, AND USE
        OF THE SOFTWARE. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN
        ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.

    (b) TO THE EXTENT ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED
        UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN
        DURATION TO THE PERIOD REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

    (c) SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
        WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A
        CONSUMER, AND SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
        WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS SET OUT IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT
        APPLY TO YOU.

12. Limitation Of Liability.

    (a) INDEPENDENT OF THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
        PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL
        THEORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, OR
        STRICT PRODUCTS LIABILITY, WILL ACTIVESTATE, ITS DIRECTORS,
        OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS,
        PRINCIPALS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY
        OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
        CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT
        LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE,
        COMPUTER MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER KIND OF COMMERCIAL DAMAGE,
        EVEN IF ACTIVESTATE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
        SUCH DAMAGES.

    (b) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO
        EVENT WILL ACTIVESTATE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES UNDER THIS
        AGREEMENT FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM
        OF ACTION.

13. Export Controls. You must comply with all export laws and
    restrictions and regulations of Canada, the United States or
    foreign agencies or authorities, and not to export or re-export
    the Software or any direct product thereof in violation of any
    such restrictions, laws or regulations, or without all necessary
    approvals. As applicable, each party will obtain and bear all
    expenses relating to any necessary licenses and/or exemptions with
    respect to its own export of the Software from Canada or the U.S.
    Neither the Software nor the underlying information or technology
    may be electronically transmitted or otherwise exported or
    re-exported: into any country subject to Canada or U.S. trade
    sanctions covering the Software, to individuals or entities
    controlled by such countries, or to nationals or residents of such
    countries other than nationals who are lawfully admitted permanent
    residents of countries not subject to such sanctions; to anyone on
    Canada's Area Control List of the Export and Import Permits Act;
    or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
    Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the U.S. Commerce
    Department's Table of Denial Orders. By installing or using the
    Software, You agree to the foregoing and represent and warrant
    that it complies with these conditions.

14. U.S. Government End-Users. The Software is a "commercial item," as
    that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of
    "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
    documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept.
    1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 
    through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users 
    acquire the Software with only those rights as are granted to 
    all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. 
    Unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of Canada 
    and the United States.

15. Licensee Outside The U.S. If You are located outside the U.S.,
    then the following provisions will apply: (a) Les parties aux
    presentes confirment leur volonte que cette convention de meme que
    tous les documents y compris tout avis qui siy rattache, soient
    rediges en langue anglaise (translation: "The parties confirm that
    this Agreement and all related documentation is and will be in the
    English language."); and (b) You are responsible for complying
    with any local laws in Your jurisdiction which might impact Your
    right to import, export or use the Software, and You represent
    that You have complied with any regulations or registration
    procedures required by applicable law to make this license
    enforceable.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
    understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter of
    this Agreement and merges all prior communications,
    representations, and agreements.

17. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is declared
    invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be deemed modified
    to the extent necessary and possible to render it valid and
    enforceable. In any event, the unenforceability or invalidity of
    any provision will not affect any other provision of this
    Agreement, and this Agreement will continue in full force and
    effect, and be construed and enforced, as if such provision had
    not been included, or had been modified as above provided, as the
    case may be.

18. Entire Agreement & Amendment. This Agreement constitutes the
    complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or
    contemporaneous agreements or representations, written or oral,
    concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, appendices and
    attachments. ActiveState reserves the right to change this
    Agreement at any time, which change shall be effective as of the
    effective date for the terms and conditions of this Agreement as
    shown on ActiveState’s Website (the “Change Effective Date”). Your
    continued use of the Software after the Change Effective Date
    constitutes Your acceptance of such changes. This Agreement may
    not be otherwise amended without ActiveState's prior written
    agreement. You agree to periodically review the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement as updated from time to time on
    ActiveState’s website.

19. Arbitration. Except for actions to protect intellectual property
    rights and to enforce an arbitrator's decision hereunder, all
    disputes, controversies, or claims arising out of or relating to
    this Agreement or a breach thereof will be submitted to and be
    finally resolved by arbitration under the rules of the American
    Arbitration Association ("AAA") then in effect. There will be one
    arbitrator, and such arbitrator will be chosen by mutual agreement
    of the parties in accordance with AAA rules. The arbitration will
    take place in Vancouver, BC, Canada, and may be conducted by
    telephone or online. The arbitrator will apply the laws of the
    Province of British Columbia, Canada to all issues in dispute. The
    controversy or claim will be arbitrated on an individual basis,
    and will not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or
    controversy of any other party. The findings of the arbitrator
    will be final and binding on the parties, and may be entered in
    any court of competent jurisdiction for enforcement. Enforcements
    of any award or judgment will be governed by the United Nations
    Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral
    Awards. Should either party file an action contrary to this
    provision, the other party may recover legal fees and costs up to
    $1,000.00.

20. Jurisdiction And Venue. The superior courts of Vancouver in the
    Province of British Columbia, Canada will be the exclusive
    jurisdiction and venue for all legal proceedings that are not
    arbitrated under this Agreement.

21. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for damages for any
    delay or failure of delivery arising out of causes beyond their
    reasonable control and without their fault or negligence,
    including, but not limited to, Acts of God, acts of civil or
    military authority, fires, riots, wars, embargoes, Internet
    disruptions, hacker attacks, or communications failures.
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if
    either party is unable to perform hereunder for a period of
    thirty (30) consecutive days, then the other party may terminate
    this Agreement immediately without liability by ten (10) days’
    written notice to the other.

22. Publicity And Audit Rights.

    (a) You grant ActiveState the right to include Your name, trade
        name, trademark, service mark or logo in its Software
        promotional material. You may retract this grant at any time
        in writing to marcom@activestate.com, requesting Your name,
        trade name, trademark, service mark or logo be excluded from
        future releases of ActiveState Software promotional material.
        Requests cannot be complied with retroactively and may require
        up to thirty (30) days to process.

    (b) If You entered into this Agreement on behalf of a Person,
        where such Person has more than 100 employees, if requested by
        ActiveState, You will furnish ActiveState with a signed
        certification (i) verifying that the Software is being used
        pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including any user
        limitations and (ii) listing the locations where the Software
        is being used, the version(s) of the Software being used, how
        long and how the Software is being used, and the number
        computing devices and operating systems the Software is being
        used with. You agree to grant ActiveState reasonable access to
        Your site(s) and/or systems, upon prior notice during normal
        business hours, to audit the use of the Software. Any such
        audit shall be at ActiveState’s expense.

23. Assignment. Except as expressly provided herein, neither this
    Agreement nor any rights granted hereunder, nor the use of any of
    the Software may be assigned, or otherwise transferred, in whole
    or in part, by You, without the prior written consent of
    ActiveState. Any permitted assignment by You under this Section
    will be conditional upon You delivering all copies of the Software
    to the transferee along with a copy of this Agreement, the
    transferee accepting the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
    and Your license to the Software terminating upon transfer. Any
    attempted assignment by You will be void and of no effect unless
    permitted by the foregoing. You acknowledge and agree that
    ActiveState may assign this Agreement to any third party without
    Your prior consent.

24. Enurement. This Agreement will enure to the benefit of the
    parties’ permitted successors and assigns.

25. Governing Law. This Agreement will be construed under the laws of
    the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada
    applicable therein, without regard to the conflict of law rules.
    The application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for
    the International Sale of Goods and any local implementations
    thereof are expressly excluded. The parties agree that the Uniform
    Computer

Transactions Act or any version thereof, adopted by any jurisdiction,
in any form ("UCITA"), will not apply to this Agreement, and to the
extent that UCITA may be applicable, the parties agree to opt out of
the applicability of UCITA pursuant to the opt-out provision(s)
contained therein.



EXHIBIT A 

Tcl/tk License Terms


This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, and other
parties. The following terms apply to all files associated with the
software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose,
provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies
and that this notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No
written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the
authorized uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by
their authors and need not follow the licensing terms described here,
provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of
each file where they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE
MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" 
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2). If you 
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, 
the software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" 
and the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined 
in Clause 252.227-7013 (c)(1) of DFARs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf 
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the 
terms specified in this license.
